Add `--rule` and `--no-config-path` command line options (#1263)
ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint: README.md

# disable ignore pattern entirely
./node_modules/.bin/ember-template-lint /tmp/template.hbs --no-ignore-pattern

> # running a single rule without options
> ./node_modules/.bin/ember-template-lint --no-templaterc app/templates --rule 'no-implicit-this:error'
> 
> # running a single rule with options
> ./node_modules/.bin/ember-template-lint --no-templaterc app/templates --rule '{ "rules": { "no-implicit-this": "error" } }'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# running a single rule without options
./node_modules/.bin/ember-template-lint --no-config-path app/templates --rule 'no-implicit-this:error'

# running a single rule with options
./node_modules/.bin/ember-template-lint --no-config-path app/templates --rule '{ "rules": { "no-implicit-this": "error" } }'
```

> ./node_modules/.bin/ember-template-lint --no-templaterc app/templates --rule '{ "rule": "no-implicit-this", "severity": 2, "config": { "allow": [] }}'

Author: how would you pass options to a rule?
